Adding some top-level docs including testing plan and pub checklist (#24)
usnistgov/xslt-blender: publication-checklist.md

## DOCUMENTING

Documentation is available as appropriate:

 - [x] Integrated with the source code *Each project has its own readme and inline documentation*
 - [x] On separate web pages (e.g., www.nist.gov, pages.nist.gov) at URL(s): *Site presents demonstrations as web pages, each one with its own documentation*
 - [ ] In a separate publication at URL(s):_____________________________________________
 - [ ] Other

Documentation includes, as appropriate:

 - [x] A readme file
 - [ ] Function-level documentation - every file has a description of what it does, whether as documentation in the code or in auxiliary files *tbd*
 - [ ] Information about how a binary was produced *N/A*

>  - [x] System requirements and prerequisites (e.g., OS version, memory, dependencies) *Everything is web-browser based*

Reviewer: If you are hosting a copy of xslt-blender _for your own development_ what kind of deployment requirements are there? For browsers, which [XSLT features are supported for which subset of popular browsers](https://caniuse.com/?search=xslt)? In the case of OSCAL CAT and other common Angular and React-based web applications with libraries, they can point to an embedded `package.json` JSON property to indicate what browser features are supported and the build tooling can check you are within a supported range and error to say "relax your range or adapt your code to not use features outside of the support window for browsers you case about." You obviously cannot do that programmatically with XSLT tooling, but the above documentation could possibly document or we can add an issue to document that soon?

  
If you don’t think the standard NIST disclaimers apply, e.g., if NIST has modified software that is available under a different license that must be retained, contact the NIST Office of Chief Counsel for guidance.

## REGISTERING IN THE NIST INVENTORY

 - [x] Create a record in MIDAS and include
   - [x] A complete description
   - [x] A readme file
   - [x] A link to the software itself

NOTES: The information you provide in the inventory will help users locate your code and decide whether it will be of use to them. Https://github.com/usnistgov is an authorized repository for NIST code, and the GitHub json file goes to code.nist.gov and code.gov; MIDAS json goes to data.gov and data.nist.gov. MIDAS registration results in assignment of a DOI, which you can reference in publications associated with your code.

## ASSOCIATED DATA

 - [ ] The software requires access to data provided by NIST. *N/A*
   - [ ] A record for the data has been created in MIDAS. *N/A*
   - [ ] The data is distributed with the code. *N/A*
   - [ ] The data is made available in a separate published data set. *N/A*

> What NIST system(s) host the data to be accessed? ___________________________________ *N/A*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What NIST system(s) host the data to be accessed? pages.nist.gov
```

But don't we host the data? If not, how can we see this page?

> How will the data be accessed from remote clients (e.g., using what protocols / APIs)?  *Users provide their own data for applications, which does not migrate off their systems*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How will the data be accessed from remote clients (e.g., using what protocols / APIs)?  *Users provide their own data for applications, which does not migrate off their systems. The xslt-blender project provides demo applications which are loaded onto remote client's web browsers from pages.nist.gov by common, standards-based methods with TLS and HTTPS.*
```

Does data here not mean the application itself?

> What coordination is required between the release/update of the software and the maintenance of the data sources? *None. Applications are designed to fail gracefully on bad inputs, and are isolated inside browser runtime.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What coordination is required between the release/update of the software and the maintenance of the data sources? *Applications are designed to fail gracefully on bad inputs, and are isolated inside browser runtime. The developers operate under a rolling release strategy: feature additions and bug additions are completed by merging code to the main release branch and automatically deploying to pages.nist.gov. There are no versioned releases.*
```

Are you intending to released version updates in general or just push to nist-pages? This is great, I'd just be more specific.

> Data storage (e.g., location, cost, redundancy, etc.) is being managed by ______________________  *N/A* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data storage (e.g., location, cost, redundancy, etc.) is being managed by NIST administrators of pages.nist.gov and github.com/usnistgov.
```
